racing history by being the first Triple
Crown winner in 19 years now the last
call to even have that opportunity Randa
here and back in 1989 and his Preakness
was the greatest race I have ever seen a
true Wide World of Sports classroom
as in the Derby easy goer was again made
the favorite as they went to the post of
the Preakness Sunday silences win in
Kentucky just hadn't persuaded the
betters easy goer in the flagships and
redcap got off to a slow start
Houston with Cordero leading the pack by
three links northern wolf is sick in and
now the Kentucky Derby winner on the
outside Sunday silence take second and
here comes easy goer with a quick move
on the outside with that day going down
the backstretch it's used it in front
way and easy throw the favorite up to
challenge Sunday silence between horses
and type waters there I look at the corn
wild I saw Pat Dave passing me and when
I when I was starting to move with him
Pat kind of kind of put a little bit of
squeeze on me and kind of made me check
a little bit in the Houston sign
quarters as they come up on the outside
of Sunday silence and Pat Valenzuela Pat
look over seen me coming and a race
riding tactic decided he would float me
up to the towards the outside a little
bit
back in the second position dance of
coming on third in the stretch on the
outside at Sunday silence on the inside
easy goer and down the stretch they come
on the outside at Sunday silence
easygoing
that to challenge heads apart easy going
on the inside of the slate lead on the
website Sunday silence the rest far back
Dave we have seen the race that
everybody wanted to see here today
two magnificent Colt battling out hit
the head nose the nose down the stretch
there's all kinds of things that run
through your mind that you could have
done or should have done that would have
made up the difference I would have to
say the Preakness race in 1989 on Sunday
silence is the best race I've ever
ridden in my life
Sunday silence was not going to let
anybody beat in that day but in the
Belmont easy goer had his revenge
there was no Triple Crown winner that
year or since